Update Connector Element Template Links - June 2026 (#8971)
camunda/camunda-docs: connectors-element-template-links.txt

https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/amazon-sqs/
https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/amazon-sqs/?amazonsqs=inbound
https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/amazon-sqs/?amazonsqs=outbound

> https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/amazon-textract/#execution-types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/amazon-textract/#operations
```

https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/kafka/?kafka=outbound
https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/microsoft-o365-mail
https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/microsoft-o365-mail-inbound

> https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/microsoft-o365-mail-inbound/#configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/microsoft-o365-mail-inbound/#configure-the-microsoft-365-outlook-connector
```
